osd: make osd pod to sleep when osds are flapping (#12715)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md

    * `onlyApplyOSDPlacement`: Whether the placement specific for OSDs is merged with the `all` placement. If `false`, the OSD placement will be merged with the `all` placement. If true, the `OSD placement will be applied` and the `all` placement will be ignored. The placement for OSDs is computed from several different places depending on the type of OSD:
        * For non-PVCs: `placement.all` and `placement.osd`
        * For PVCs: `placement.all` and inside the storageClassDeviceSets from the `placement` or `preparePlacement`

>     * `FlappingRestartIntervalHours`: It defines the time for which the OSD pods, that failed with zero exit code, will sleep before restarting. This is needed for OSD flapping where OSD daemons are marked down more than 5 times in 600 seconds by Ceph. Preventing the OSD pods to restart immediately in such scenarios will prevent Rook from marking OSD as `up` and thus peering of the PGs mapped to the OSD. The interval defaults to 24 hours if no value is provided. User needs to manually restart the OSD pod if they manage to fix the underlying OSD flapping issue before the restart interval.

Reviewer: Some suggestions to keep it simple and no need to tell all implementation details.
```suggestion
    * `flappingRestartIntervalHours`: Defines the time for which an OSD pod will sleep before restarting, if it stopped due to flapping. Flapping occurs where OSDs are marked `down` by Ceph more than 5 times in 600 seconds. The OSDs will stay down when flapping since they likely have a bad disk or other issue that needs investigation. The default is 24 hours. If the issue with the OSD is fixed manually, the OSD pod can be manually restarted.
```
